Piaofan, why did you kill four people in one breath?
Who the hell are you?
Oh.
Gao is always like this
You read it wrong.
It was the four of them just now, Hoo
My own people beat my own people, I haven't shot yet
This is lying down, you see
Zhang Shao, you are all lying down. According to the bet
Double the order?
Bunch of trash
I take some credit
Your own people beat your own people
Okay.
Mr. Gao found a handle with a brain
Play the divide with me here
Even if you get together early, something will happen
Are you calculating me here?
A good head is also a skill
Now the winner is tied
You should keep your promise
Shit, he must have done something
Otherwise, even if they go together
It can't all fall
Ninja Darts
What a shit tiger
It just became clear that there are ninjas helping you.
Piaofan, what the hell is going on?
Why is this thing on the ground?
Yao Fan
Why do you have a ninja weapon on you?
Ah yes yes
This thing is not mine.
This is me just now
Captured from a ninja
Also quibble
Witness and physical evidence are aimed at me to quibble what I quibble
Hey, Mr. Gao, trust me
I'm just a friend
How could I possibly be a ninja?
You are stubborn, right?
OK
I'll call my third uncle, I see you're not stubborn
Zhang Shao
There's no need to alarm Lord Hoffa about this, right?
Boy, my third uncle, his old man's martial arts are world-class
What he hated the most in his life was Dongying Ninja
He came and left you dead in minutes
Wait for me.
Hello third uncle
I'm in the underground parking lot of Aolong Group right now
Caught a Dongying man
Please come over quickly
Goodbye!
You wait to die